Update README.md (#741)
jsonwebtoken/jsonwebtoken.github.io: README.md

Look at the end of the [Gruntfile](/Gruntfile.js) for other common tasks.

### How to run project locally

> - Make sure you have Node version <= 16 installed.

Author: ```suggestion
- Make sure that you run these commands using Node `v16.x.x`.
```
